Add support for message attributes (#7)
SamVerschueren/aws-sns-publish: readme.md

AWS Account Id used when constructing the topic ARN when `name` is being used.

> #### messageAttributes

Reviewer: `attributes`

> Type: `object`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: `Object`
```

> Object which defines the message attributes to be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key-value map defining the message attributes of the SNS message.
```
